Fred doesn't seem to return an is_not_found error if the record does not exist (#3661)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_bryn_redis_cache_miss_log.md

> ### Fred doesn't seem to return an is_not_found error if the error does not exist ([Issue #2876](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2876))
> 
> The Redis Fred client doesn't seem to deal with `nil` responses correctly returning a parse error instead of not found.
> This means that if there was a cache miss for a key, the Router would log a parse error.
> 
> We now manually detect `nil` responses and treat them as a cache miss.

Author: ```suggestion
### Error no longer reported on Redis cache misses ([Issue #2876](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/2876))

The Router will no longer log an error in when fetching from Redis and the record doesn't exist. This affected APQ, QueryPlanning and experimental entity caching.
```
